Teaching tip spec (#5)
Microsoft/microsoft-ui-xaml-specs: active/teachingtip/TeachingTipSpec.md

**Important APIs:** [TeachingTip class]() [Link TODO]

A teaching tip may also be light-dismiss enabled or used without a tail indicating reference to any specific UI element. 

### Is this the right control? 

Use a **TeachingTip** control to inform users about new and important updates and features, focus users on a component to advise them about its options or state, remind users of nonessential options that would improve their experience, or teach users how a task should be completed. 

Because a teaching tip is impermanent, it would not be the recommended control for notifying users about important errors and statuses, prompting users for event handling, nor displaying a list of items or events that have been handled. 

<!-- Explain why TT is not recommended for notifications --> 

## Examples

The teaching tip has several states, including these notable ones.

A teaching tip can point to a specific UI element to enhance contextual clarity of the information it is presenting. 

> <a href="url"><img src="TeachingTipSampleApp.jpg" height="600"></a>

Reviewer: I talked with the content writer and ![alt text](image path) is what we should be using to make sure the content is copy/paste-able. I need to check what folder name we should use.

> <a href="url"><img src="TeachingTipSampleApp.jpg" height="600"></a>

Author: I believe we lost the inline thread when I fixed a separate issue on the same line. I am pinging here again for visibility, @jesbis and @chigy.

> <a href="url"><img src="TeachingTipSampleApp.jpg" height="600"></a>

Reviewer 2: You can see all the docs [here](https://github.com/MicrosoftDocs/windows-uwp/blob/docs/windows-apps-src/design/controls-and-patterns) - e.g. passwordbox [page](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/uwp/design/controls-and-patterns/password-box) & [source](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MicrosoftDocs/windows-uwp/docs/windows-apps-src/design/controls-and-patterns/password-box.md).

It looks like the docs do occasionally use image tags and other HTML (e.g. a few on the [buttons page](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/MicrosoftDocs/windows-uwp/docs/windows-apps-src/design/controls-and-patterns/buttons.md)), but for the most part it's just markdown on pre-sized images.

FWIW pre-sizing images is also preferable to setting sizes in the doc because:
- it'll result in smaller filesizes, which is better for a) reducing repo size and b) reducing page load times
- image editors will often do better-quality scaling than browsers
- scaling images with text looks particularly bad - it's better to just rasterize at the right size when saving the image

> <a href="url"><img src="TeachingTipSampleApp.jpg" height="600"></a>

Reviewer 3: To reduce the amount of work to convert this spec into a publishable format, please use markdown wherever possible.  Within our content, we generally don't use images as link anchors. You can improve the accessibility of this approach by adding alt text to the image, but I recommend using an image + markdown text. 

Re: image sizing. When this is displayed on docs.microsoft.com, the system resizes the image to fit the current width of the content column.

> <a href="url"><img src="TeachingTipSampleApp.jpg" height="600"></a>

Reviewer 3: Should we provision this repo with docs.microsoft.com so folks can get a preview of what the spec looks like? You'd view the specs by going to review.docs.microsoft.com/windows/Microsoft-ui-XAML-specs/

> <a href="url"><img src="TeachingTipSampleApp.jpg" height="600"></a>

Reviewer: @mijacobs - solved the issue where I wasn't able to comment back so bringing this back. Let's figure out the flow. Sounds nice, that way, we can verify the output as we write rather than find out later that it doesn't work, but I want to see how it fits in the overall process and if that becomes confusing.

> <a href="url"><img src="TeachingTipSampleApp.jpg" height="600"></a>

Reviewer 3: @chigy In order to set up publishing, I'll need admin access to this repo.

> <a href="url"><img src="TeachingTipSampleApp.jpg" height="600"></a>

Reviewer: @jesbis - If you agree with the authoring flow, please give access to Mike. If not, let's discuss.

> <a href="url"><img src="TeachingTipSampleApp.jpg" height="600"></a>

Author: I have updated all images to use markdown and included alt text.

    </muxc:TeachingTip>
</muxc:TeachingTip.Attach>
```

C#
```C#
public void OnFirstSaveButtonClick(object sender, RoutedEventArgs args)
{
    TeachingTipExample.IsOpen=true;
}
```

Here's the result when this code runs and the clicks the button.

<a href="url"><img src="TeachingTipSampleApp.jpg" height="600"></a>

### Add a margin 

A teaching tip can have a margin added by setting the Margin property. When a teaching tip is attached to a UI element, a margin will move it away from the UI element it is pointing to. When a teaching tip is not attached to anything, a margin will move it away from the side of the app window it is positioned towards. 

XAML
```XAML
<Button Content="Save" Click="OnFirstSaveButtonClick"></Button>
<muxc:TeachingTip> 
    <muxc:TeachingTip x:Name="AutoSaveTip"
        Title="Saving automatically"
        Subtitle="We save your changes as you go - so you never have to."
        Margin="80">
    </muxc:TeachingTip>
</muxc:TeachingTip.Attach>
```

C#
```C#
public void OnFirstSaveButtonClick(object sender, RoutedEventArgs args)
{
    TeachingTipExample.IsOpen=true;
}
```

<a href="url"><img src="TeachingTipMarginSample.jpg" height="600"></a>

> ### Point to a UI element

Reviewer: I understand that you want to show from default to more advanced features, but I wonder if we should show this one first since isn't this the most recommended way of using this control?

Author: @chigy This reason is why I showed pointing teaching tips as the first example under the Examples section. 

In the recommended guidance samples, such as Password Box, everything under the "Create a..." heading appears to go 1) simplest to most fully featured, followed by 2) other options that are _somewhat_ regular, and last, 3) advance scenario examples. 

But this pattern is simply what I inferred. @mijacobs, do you have a recommended approach?

Reviewer: @SavoySchuler @mijacobs - This is a good point that we should have a guidance for guidance to spec writers so we are consistent.

Author: It is also worth noting that **Examples** calls out the suggested approach of using pointing tips for teaching moments that refer to specific UI elements and non-pointing tips for scenarios that do not refer to specific UI elements. **Recommendations** should call this out too. I will add it.

Reviewer 4: I think what's confusing is that it starts with the most basic case, but that example doesn't have code.  The first *code* example is not the most basic.  Why not have code for the first ones?

Author: @MikeHillberg Could you point me to the example you are looking at to help me make sure I am on the same page? 

Looking at Password Box as a reference, its Guidelines open with three codeless functional examples of the control to show the reader some broad points of key functionality. I imagine this helps answer the survey level question of "Is this the right control?" before moving into the examples with code. It is worth noting, the three opening examples are also shown later with code.

Author: Pinging @chigy, @MikeHillberg, and @mijacobs on this question of **Examples** ordering as I am working to close the guidelines and documentation section soon. I followed the formatting set by PasswordBox's Examples section that shows the recommend usage first but then moves from simple to advanced code samples. The comments here make me believe there may be a more preferred way to order this section, however, I am unclear on the actionable solution that is being suggested.

Reviewer: This is just my opinion and suspect @MikeHillberg and @mijacobs might have different opinions...
1) use the most basic least code control use - assumption here is that if you speced your control in a meaningful way, this should present the developer with the highest use case
2) common usage scenarios that require some code writing
3) custom solutions that may or may not be needed by all but still worth mentioning

Author: Thanks, @chigy! I believe that is the order I have it in, but please let me know if you see it differently? I pointing tips are the brand image for the control because it best distinguishes what the control is without context, but believe non-pointing tips will be equally common and are more simple to implement, which is why I ordered their examples first. I am happy to reorder the examples with pointing tips first (this would align branding exactly) and market the non-pointing tips as "removing" the pointer rather than "adding" it.

I am only concerned that it may deter customers who are looking for the simpler, non-pointing tips as it is atypical of controls to get simpler throughout the examples as opposed to more complex. Thoughts? 

Surfacing again for @MikeHillberg and @mijacobs.

Reviewer 4: The reason that I find the untargeted example to be more complicated than the targeted example -- which I agree seems counterintuitive -- is that I thought the untargeted scenario would be less common.  So it's not that we show the simple example first, we show the typical example first.  But if they're 50/50 scenarios, then agree with simpler first.

Reviewer: @SavoySchuler , IMO the best representation of TeachingTip is with the pointing tip (we even have "tip" in the name? :) ) and that's what I see many apps using it today. So I feel it should be the first example? That said, you are the PM owner of this control who did most of the investigation, so if you tell me that's not right, then I'm happy either way.

Author: I think I am over indexing on non-pointing tips due what I have seen with the sample of our early adopters. You are right that when we look at the broader spectrum of application (or even just Microsoft Office), pointing tips out number non-pointing tips as a fact. Not completely - but certainly enough that it is inaccurate to label the spread 50/50. I will make this change. Thanks, everyone!

XAML
```XAML
<Button Content="Tip Example" Click="OnFirstSaveButtonClick">
    <muxc:TeachingTip.Attach> 
        <muxc:TeachingTip x:Name="AutoSaveTip"
            Title="Saving automatically"
            Subtitle="We save your changes as you go - so you never have to."
            Margin="15">
        </muxc:TeachingTip>
    </muxc:TeachingTip.Attach>
</Button>
```

C#
```C#
public void OnFirstSaveButtonClick(object sender, RoutedEventArgs args)
{
    TeachingTipExample.IsOpen=true;
}
```

<a href="url"><img src="TeachingTipPointerSample.jpg" height="600"></a>

### Add content

Content can be added to a teaching tip using the Content property. If there is more content to show than what the size of a teaching tip will allow, a scrollbar will be automatically enabled to allow a user to scroll the content area. 

XAML
```XAML
<Button Content="Tip Example" Click="OnFirstSaveButtonClick">
    <muxc:TeachingTip.Attach> 
        <muxc:TeachingTip x:Name="AutoSaveTip"
            Title="Saving automatically"
            Subtitle="We save your changes as you go - so you never have to."
            Margin="15">

>                 <CheckBox Content="Don't show tips at start up" Checked="HandleChecked" Unchecked="HandleUnchecked" />

Author: ```suggestion
                <StackPanel>
                    <CheckBox Content="Don't show tips at start up" Checked="HandleChecked" Unchecked="HandleUnchecked" />
```

# Teaching tip

> ## Description

Reviewer 4: (Minor) The first paragraph becomes the IntelliSense text, and this looks a bit long for IntelliSense text.

Author: See suggested code change on line below.

A teaching tip is a content-rich nonmodal flyout that provides contextual information. A teaching tip looks like a flyout, except that it may target a UI element with a tail or be persistent and require the user to manually dismiss it. A teaching tip is often used for informing, reminding, and teaching users about important and new features that may enhance their experience. 

**Important APIs:** [TeachingTip class]() [Link TODO]

A teaching tip may also be light-dismiss enabled or used without a tail indicating reference to any specific UI element. 

### Is this the right control? 

Use a **TeachingTip** control to inform users about new and important updates and features, focus users on a component to advise them about its options or state, remind users of nonessential options that would improve their experience, or teach users how a task should be completed. 

Because a teaching tip is impermanent, it would not be the recommended control for notifying users about important errors and statuses, prompting users for event handling, nor displaying a list of items or events that have been handled. 

<!-- Explain why TT is not recommended for notifications --> 

> ##Examples

Reviewer 4: Need a space after the "##"

Author: ```suggestion
## Examples
```

The teaching tip has several states, including these notable ones.

A teaching tip can point to a specific UI element to enhance contextual clarity of the information it is presenting. 

> <a href="url"><img src="TeachingTipSampleApp.jpg" height="400"></a>

Author: ```suggestion
<a href="url"><img src="TeachingTipSampleApp.jpg" height="600"></a>
```

A teaching tip can be used without a tail when the information that it is presenting is not specific to a UI element. 

> <a href="url"><img src="TeachingTipPointerSample.jpg" height="600"></a>

Reviewer 4: I think these first two pictures are reversed.

    <muxc:TeachingTip.Attach> 
        <muxc:TeachingTip x:Name="AutoSaveTip"
            Title="Saving automatically"
            Subtitle="We save your changes as you go - so you never have to."
            Margin="15">
        </muxc:TeachingTip>
    </muxc:TeachingTip.Attach>
</Button>
```

C#
```C#
public void OnFirstSaveButtonClick(object sender, RoutedEventArgs args)
{
    TeachingTipExample.IsOpen=true;
}
```

<a href="url"><img src="TeachingTipPointerSample.jpg" height="600"></a>

### Add content

Content can be added to a teaching tip using the Content property. If there is more content to show than what the size of a teaching tip will allow, a scrollbar will be automatically enabled to allow a user to scroll the content area. 

XAML
```XAML
<Button Content="Tip Example" Click="OnFirstSaveButtonClick">
    <muxc:TeachingTip.Attach> 
        <muxc:TeachingTip x:Name="AutoSaveTip"
            Title="Saving automatically"
            Subtitle="We save your changes as you go - so you never have to."
            Margin="15">
                <CheckBox Content="Don't show tips at start up" Checked="HandleChecked" Unchecked="HandleUnchecked" />

>                 <p>You can change your tip preferences in <a href="app:/item/SettingsPage">Settings</a> if you change your mind.</p>

Reviewer 4: HTML content isn't supported here.  I think this was meant to be a TextBlock, and the two wrapped in a StackPanel.

Author: ```suggestion
                <TextBlock>You can change your tip preferences in <a href="app:/item/SettingsPage">Settings</a> if you change your mind.</TextBlock>
```

        </muxc:TeachingTip>
    </muxc:TeachingTip.Attach>
</Button>
```

C#
```C#
public void OnFirstSaveButtonClick(object sender, RoutedEventArgs args)
{
    TeachingTipExample.IsOpen=true;
}
```

<a href="url"><img src="TeachingTipContentSample.jpg" height="600"></a>

### Add buttons

> A close button is automatically added to the top of a teaching tip. However, a close button with custom text that is placed at the button of a teaching tip can be used instead by setting the TeachingTipCloseButtonKind property. A custom action button can also be added by setting ActionButtonText, ActionButtonCommand and the ActionButtonCommandParameter properties. 

Reviewer 4: Add a sentence here explaining how CloseButtonKind.Auto works?

Author: ```suggestion
A standard "X" close button is automatically added to the top of a teaching tip. However, a custom close button can be added to the bottom of a teaching tip by setting the TeachingTipCloseButtonKind property.  When this property is set to Auto, the "X" close button at the top of the tip will be preferred unless CloseButtonText is set. A custom action button can also be added by setting ActionButtonText, ActionButtonCommand and the ActionButtonCommandParameter properties. 
```

Author: @MikeHillberg Does this feel better?

Reviewer 4: If I set the Close button to bottom, but don't set CloseButtonText, do I get some default text?

Reviewer 5: Can the button be removed entirely?

XAML
```XAML
<Button Content="Tip Example" Click="OnFirstSaveButtonClick">
    <muxc:TeachingTip.Attach> 
        <muxc:TeachingTip x:Name="AutoSaveTip"
            Title="Saving automatically"
            Subtitle="We save your changes as you go - so you never have to."
            ActionButtonText="Disable"
            ActionButtonCommand="DisableAutoSave"
            CloseButtonKind="Footer"
            CloseButtonText="Got it!"
            Margin="15">
                <CheckBox Content="Don't show tips at start up" Checked="HandleChecked" Unchecked="HandleUnchecked" />
                <p>You can change your tip preferences in <a href="app:/item/SettingsPage">Settings</a> if you change your mind.</p>
        </muxc:TeachingTip>
    </muxc:TeachingTip.Attach>
</Button>
```

C#
```C#
public void OnFirstSaveButtonClick(object sender, RoutedEventArgs args)
{
    TeachingTipExample.IsOpen=true;
}
```

<a href="url"><img src="TeachingTipButtonsSample.jpg" height="600"></a>

### Bleeding content

> Edge to edge content can be added to a teaching tip by setting the BleedingContent proprerty. The location of bleeding content can be set to the top or bottom of a teaching tip by setting the BleedingContentPlacement property.

Reviewer 4: This property is named BleedingImageContent in the IDL section.

Author: ```suggestion
Edge to edge content can be added to a teaching tip by setting the BleedingImageContent property. The location of bleeding content can be set to the top or bottom of a teaching tip by setting the BleedingContentPlacement property.
```

XAML
```XAML
<Button Content="Tip Example" Click="OnFirstSaveButtonClick">
    <muxc:TeachingTip.Attach> 
        <muxc:TeachingTip x:Name="AutoSaveTip"
            Title="Saving automatically"
            Subtitle="We save your changes as you go - so you never have to."

>             BleedingContent="Assets/Giraffe.png"

Reviewer 4: Since this property is UIElement-typed, it will need to be set with an <Image> element.

Author: ```suggestion
            <muxc:TeachingTip.BleedingContent>
                <Image Source="Assets/Giraffe.png" />
            </muxc:TeachingTip.BleedingContent>
```

            IconSource="SaveIcon.png"
            Margin="15">
        </muxc:TeachingTip>
    </muxc:TeachingTip.Attach>
</Button>
```

C#
```C#
public void OnFirstSaveButtonClick(object sender, RoutedEventArgs args)
{
    TeachingTipExample.IsOpen=true;
}
```

<a href="url"><img src="TeachingTipIconSample.jpg" height="600"></a>

### Enable light-dismiss

A teaching tip may be light-dismiss enabled so that it will dismiss when a user scrolls or interacts with other elements of the application.

XAML
```XAML
<Button Content="Tip Example" Click="OnFirstSaveButtonClick">
    <muxc:TeachingTip.Attach> 
        <muxc:TeachingTip x:Name="AutoSaveTip"
            Title="Saving automatically"
            Subtitle="We save your changes as you go - so you never have to."
            IsLightDismissEnabled="True"
            Margin="15">
        </muxc:TeachingTip>
    </muxc:TeachingTip.Attach>
</Button>
```

C#
```C#
public void OnFirstSaveButtonClick(object sender, RoutedEventArgs args)
{
    TeachingTipExample.IsOpen=true;
}
```

<a href="url"><img src="TeachingTipLightDismissSample.jpg" height="600"></a>

### Preferred placement

> Preferred placement of a teaching tip can be set using the TeachingTipPlacementMode property. If the preferred placement would not leave enough room for the teaching tip to show, another placement mode will automatically be chosen.

Reviewer 4: Could you add a comment that this placement works exactly the same as [FlyoutPlacementMode](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/uwp/api/Windows.UI.Xaml.Controls.Primitives.FlyoutPlacementMode)?

Author: ```suggestion
Preferred placement of a teaching tip can be set using the TeachingTipPlacementMode property. Like FlyoutPlacementMode, if the preferred placement mode would not leave room for the teaching tip to show, another placement mode will be automatically chosen. 
```

Author: @MikeHillberg Does this read better?

Reviewer 4: Calling out the Auto property is good.  I thought it would also be useful to say that everything else is the same in behavior as FlyoutPlacementMode.

Author: I have added your suggested change. Any thoughts on the phrasing?

XAML
```XAML
<Button Content="Tip Example" Click="OnFirstSaveButtonClick">
    <muxc:TeachingTip.Attach> 
        <muxc:TeachingTip x:Name="AutoSaveTip"
            Title="Saving automatically"
            Subtitle="We save your changes as you go - so you never have to."
            PreferredPlacement="BottomEdgeAlignedRight"
            Margin="-80,-50,0,0"
            ShouldConstrainToRootBounds="False">
        </muxc:TeachingTip>
    </muxc:TeachingTip.Attach>
</Button>
```

C#
```C#
public void OnFirstSaveButtonClick(object sender, RoutedEventArgs args)
{
    TeachingTipExample.IsOpen=true;
}
```

<a href="url"><img src="TeachingTipOutOfWindowBoundsSample.jpg" height="600"></a>

### Deferred close

The close event of a teaching tip can be deffered to allow time for an action or custom animation to occur. 

```XAML
<Button Content="Tip Example">
    <muxc:TeachingTip.Attach> 
        <muxc:TeachingTip x:Name="EnableNewPrivacySettingsTip"
            Title="Title string"
            Subtitle="Body text in a minimum height tip."
            Closing="OnTipClosing">
        </muxc:TeachingTip>
    </muxc:TeachingTip.Attach>
</Button>
```

```C#

> Deferral tipDeferral;

Author: ```suggestion
```

public void OnTipClosing(object sender, TeachingTipClosingEventArgs args)
{
    if (args.Reason == TeachingTipCloseReason.CloseButton)
    {

>         using (tipDeferral=args.GetDeferral)

Reviewer 4: This can just be
```
using(args.GetDeferral())
```
(and remove the declaration above)

Author: ```suggestion
        using(args.GetDeferral())
```

    static Windows.UI.Xaml.DependencyProperty ActionButtonCommandParameterProperty{ get; };

    static Windows.UI.Xaml.DependencyProperty CloseButtonKindProperty{ get; };
    static Windows.UI.Xaml.DependencyProperty CloseButtonTextProperty{ get; };
    static Windows.UI.Xaml.DependencyProperty CloseButtonStyleProperty{ get; };
    static Windows.UI.Xaml.DependencyProperty CloseButtonCommandProperty{ get; };
    static Windows.UI.Xaml.DependencyProperty CloseButtonCommandParameterProperty{ get; };

    static Windows.UI.Xaml.DependencyProperty TargetOffsetProperty{ get; };
    static Windows.UI.Xaml.DependencyProperty IsLightDismissEnabledProperty{ get; };
    static Windows.UI.Xaml.DependencyProperty PlacementProperty{ get; };
    static Windows.UI.Xaml.DependencyProperty BleedingImagePlacementProperty{ get; };

    static Windows.UI.Xaml.DependencyProperty BleedingImageContentProperty{ get; };
    static Windows.UI.Xaml.DependencyProperty IconSourceProperty{ get; };

    static Windows.UI.Xaml.DependencyProperty TemplateSettingsProperty{ get; };
}
```

## API Notes

### Notable Properties  

| Name | Description |
|:-:|:--|

> | ShouldConstrainToRootBounds | Gets or sets a value that indicates whether the teaching tip will contrains to the bounds of its root. |

Reviewer 4: Typo: "contains" => "be constrained"

Author: ```suggestion
| ShouldConstrainToRootBounds | Gets or sets a value that indicates whether the teaching tip will constrains to the bounds of its root. |
```

| Tip is tabbed through | Tab Button: <br> Will go through all actionable items regardless of group in order. <br> <br> Arrow keys: <br> Will be able to explore groups in the specified directions. <br> <br> Enter and Escape: <br> Will result in closing the tip. <br> <br> Spacebar: <br> Will select the component focused on. <br> <br> Home and End: <br> Do not have use unless within a XAML component that supports their functionality | Name of XAML or visual component. Ex:<br><br> “X Button” <br><br> “Save Button” <br><br> “Learn More Hyperlink” | 
| Tip is dismissed | 1. X Button is pressed. <br> 2. Close Button is pressed. <br> 3. Action Button is pressed. <br> Tab focus goes back to where it should be, the predecessor. | Nothing | 

## Open Questions

> * Should BleedingContent be renamed?

Author: @chigy Thoughts?

# Teaching tip

## Description

> A teaching tip is a content-rich nonmodal flyout that provides contextual information. A teaching tip looks like a flyout, except that it may target a UI element with a tail or be persistent and require the user to manually dismiss it. A teaching tip is often used for informing, reminding, and teaching users about important and new features that may enhance their experience. 

Author: ```suggestion
A teaching tip is a semi-persistent and content-rich flyout that provides contextual information. It is often used for informing, reminding, and teaching users about important and new features that may enhance their experience. 
```

Author: @MikeHillberg Does this look better? It is now ~30% shorter than Password Box's opening paragraph. I'm happy to revise it if you think it is more critical to share the pointing/non-pointing and light dis-miss features here as opposed to how it should be used.

Author: ```suggestion
A teaching tip is a semi-persistent and content-rich flyout that provides contextual information. It is often used for informing, reminding, and teaching users about important and new features that may enhance their experience.
```

A teaching tip can be used without a tail when the information that it is presenting is not specific to a UI element. 

<a href="url"><img src="TeachingTipSampleApp.jpg" height="600"></a>

A teaching tip can require manual acknowledgement before dismissing or a teaching tip may also be light-dismiss enabled so that it will dismiss when a user scrolls or interacts with other elements of the application.

<a href="url"><img src="TeachingTipLightDismissSample.jpg" height="600"></a>

## Create a teaching tip

<!-- Use the Password property to get or set the contents of the PasswordBox. You can do this in the handler for the PasswordChanged event to perform validation while the user enters the password. Or, you can use another event, like a button Click, to perform validation after the user completes the text entry. -->

Here's the XAML for a teaching tip control that demonstrates the default look of the TeachingTip with a title and subtitle. 

When the user clicks the button, a teaching tip will appear and display a message to the user. 

XAML
```XAML
<Button Content="Save" Click="OnFirstSaveButtonClick"></Button>
<muxc:TeachingTip> 

>     <muxc:TeachingTip x:Name="AutoSaveTip"

Author: Resolved temporarily. I have added the current attaching mechanism to the _Open Questions_ as I am exploring possible alternatives.

        Title="Saving automatically"
        Subtitle="We save your changes as you go - so you never have to.">
    </muxc:TeachingTip>
</muxc:TeachingTip.Attach>
```

C#
```C#
public void OnFirstSaveButtonClick(object sender, RoutedEventArgs args)
{

>     TeachingTipExample.IsOpen=true;

Author: By behaviors, are you refering to [this](https://github.com/Microsoft/XamlBehaviors)?

>     TeachingTipExample.IsOpen=true;

Author: If Behavior is referring to the XAML Behaviors noted above, I am not confident that an example of it here would maintain the scope of focus otherwise shown throughout Teaching Tip's documentation (which focuses on the features of TeachingTip as opposed to the spectrum of conditions and means for opening one) as much as if an example of Teaching Tip was instead included in the examples and documentation for Behavior? I am open to understanding this issue better if you think other or if there is a lapse of understanding on my part. 

For what its worth, we are planning on showing a least a couple of these in the XAML Sample Gallery, such as how to delay an opening, etc.

>     TeachingTipExample.IsOpen=true;

Author: @michael-hawker, I know there's been a lot of activity on this repo, so I just wanted to ping you again and make sure my answers are responding to the [Behavior](https://github.com/Microsoft/XamlBehaviors) you intended to surface?

}
```

Here's the result when this code runs and the clicks the button.

> <a href="url"><img src="TeachingTipSampleApp.jpg" height="600"></a>

Author: Hi, @michael-hawker. The best alternative I know is to view the [rendered markdown](https://github.com/Microsoft/microsoft-ui-xaml-specs/blob/user/savoyschuler/teachingtip/active/teachingtip/TeachingTipSpec.md) in another tab or window. Please let me know if you make a GitHub feature request for this and I will happily upvote it.

### Add a margin 

A teaching tip can have a margin added by setting the Margin property. When a teaching tip is attached to a UI element, a margin will move it away from the UI element it is pointing to. When a teaching tip is not attached to anything, a margin will move it away from the side of the app window it is positioned towards. 

XAML
```XAML
<Button Content="Save" Click="OnFirstSaveButtonClick"></Button>

> <muxc:TeachingTip> 

Author: Resolved temporarily. I have added the current attaching mechanism to the _Open Questions_ as I am exploring possible alternatives.

}
```

<a href="url"><img src="TeachingTipPointerSample.jpg" height="600"></a>

### Add content

Content can be added to a teaching tip using the Content property. If there is more content to show than what the size of a teaching tip will allow, a scrollbar will be automatically enabled to allow a user to scroll the content area. 

XAML
```XAML
<Button Content="Tip Example" Click="OnFirstSaveButtonClick">
    <muxc:TeachingTip.Attach> 
        <muxc:TeachingTip x:Name="AutoSaveTip"
            Title="Saving automatically"
            Subtitle="We save your changes as you go - so you never have to."
            Margin="15">
                <StackPanel>
                    <CheckBox Content="Don't show tips at start up" Checked="HandleChecked" Unchecked="HandleUnchecked" />
                    <TextBlock>You can change your tip preferences in <Hyperlink NavigateUri="app:/item/SettingsPage">Settings</Hyperlink> if you change your mind.</TextBlock>
                </StackPanel>
        </muxc:TeachingTip>
    </muxc:TeachingTip.Attach>
</Button>
```

C#
```C#
public void OnFirstSaveButtonClick(object sender, RoutedEventArgs args)
{
    TeachingTipExample.IsOpen=true;
}

> ```

Reviewer 5: Show potential code (even if just comments) for the checkbox too or instead how to catch value of checkbox when the teaching tip is dismissed would be much more useful than having to track state as the checkbox is interacted with.

Author: Thanks for this feedback, @michael-hawker! I will be passing over all of these examples again now that I have more details pinned down.

Author: Thanks again, @michael-hawker, I ran this by our representatives for guidelines and documentation and added what they felt was the appropriate level of detail to include - which was setting and using an x:bound Boolean with the CheckBox to toggle whether tips show. Our samples in the XAML sample gallery will be more complete.

{
    TeachingTipExample.IsOpen=true;
}
```

<a href="url"><img src="TeachingTipPreferredPlacementSample.jpg" height="600"></a>

### Escaping window bounds

On Windows 19H1 and above, a teaching tip can escape window bounds by setting the ShouldConstrainToRootBounds property.

XAML
```XAML
<Button Content="Tip Example" Click="OnFirstSaveButtonClick">
    <muxc:TeachingTip.Attach> 
        <muxc:TeachingTip x:Name="AutoSaveTip"
            Title="Saving automatically"
            Subtitle="We save your changes as you go - so you never have to."
            PreferredPlacement="BottomEdgeAlignedRight"
            Margin="-80,-50,0,0"
            ShouldConstrainToRootBounds="False">
        </muxc:TeachingTip>
    </muxc:TeachingTip.Attach>
</Button>
```

C#
```C#
public void OnFirstSaveButtonClick(object sender, RoutedEventArgs args)
{
    TeachingTipExample.IsOpen=true;
}
```

<a href="url"><img src="TeachingTipOutOfWindowBoundsSample.jpg" height="600"></a>

### Deferred close

The close event of a teaching tip can be deffered to allow time for an action or custom animation to occur. 

```XAML
<Button Content="Tip Example">
    <muxc:TeachingTip.Attach> 

>         <muxc:TeachingTip x:Name="EnableNewPrivacySettingsTip"

Author: ```suggestion
        <muxc:TeachingTip x:Name="EnableNewSettingsTip"
```

            Title="Title string"
            Subtitle="Body text in a minimum height tip."
            Closing="OnTipClosing">
        </muxc:TeachingTip>
    </muxc:TeachingTip.Attach>
</Button>
```

```C#

public void OnTipClosing(object sender, TeachingTipClosingEventArgs args)
{
    if (args.Reason == TeachingTipCloseReason.CloseButton)
    {
        using(args.GetDeferral())
        {

>             bool success = await UpdateUserPrivacySettings(User thisUsersID);

Author: ```suggestion
            bool success = await UpdateUserSettings(User thisUsersID);
```

            if(!success)
            {
                //We were not able to update the settings! Don't close the tip and display the reason why.
                args.Cancel = true;
                ShowLastErrorMessage();
            }
        }
    }
}
```

### Related articles 

* [Dialogs and flyouts](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/uwp/design/controls-and-patterns/dialogs-and-flyouts/index)

## Recommendations

> * Tips are impermanent and should not contain information or options that are critical to the experience of an application. 

Reviewer 5: Doesn't this guidance contradict the privacy setting example above? (though I like that use case).

Author: Thanks for this callout, @michael-hawker, the "Privacy" part was vestigial from an older draft example. I have since made it more general.

When the user clicks the button, a teaching tip will appear and display a message to the user. 

XAML
```XAML
<Button Content="Save" Click="OnFirstSaveButtonClick">
    <muxc:TeachingTip.Attach> 
        <muxc:TeachingTip x:Name="AutoSaveTip"
            Title="Saving automatically"
            Subtitle="We save your changes as you go - so you never have to.">
        </muxc:TeachingTip>
    </muxc:TeachingTip.Attach>
</Button>
```

C#
```C#
public void OnFirstSaveButtonClick(object sender, RoutedEventArgs args)
{
    TeachingTipExample.IsOpen=true;
}
```

Here's the result when this code runs and the clicks the button.

<a href="url"><img src="TeachingTipSampleApp.jpg" height="600"></a>

### Add a margin 

A teaching tip can have a margin added by setting the Margin property. When a teaching tip is attached to a UI element, a margin will move it away from the UI element it is pointing to. When a teaching tip is not attached to anything, a margin will move it away from the side of the app window it is positioned towards. 

XAML
```XAML
<Button Content="Save" Click="OnFirstSaveButtonClick">

> <muxc:TeachingTip> 

Author: ```suggestion
    <muxc:TeachingTip> 
```

    <muxc:TeachingTip.Attach> 
        <muxc:TeachingTip x:Name="AutoSaveTip"
            Title="Saving automatically"
            Subtitle="We save your changes as you go - so you never have to.">
        </muxc:TeachingTip>
    </muxc:TeachingTip.Attach>
</Button>
```

C#
```C#
public void OnFirstSaveButtonClick(object sender, RoutedEventArgs args)
{
    TeachingTipExample.IsOpen=true;
}
```

Here's the result when this code runs and the clicks the button.

<a href="url"><img src="TeachingTipSampleApp.jpg" height="600"></a>

### Add a margin 

A teaching tip can have a margin added by setting the Margin property. When a teaching tip is attached to a UI element, a margin will move it away from the UI element it is pointing to. When a teaching tip is not attached to anything, a margin will move it away from the side of the app window it is positioned towards. 

XAML
```XAML
<Button Content="Save" Click="OnFirstSaveButtonClick">
    <muxc:TeachingTip> 
        <muxc:TeachingTip x:Name="AutoSaveTip"
            Title="Saving automatically"
            Subtitle="We save your changes as you go - so you never have to."
            Margin="80">
        </muxc:TeachingTip>

>     </muxc:TeachingTip.Attach

Reviewer: </muxc:TeachingTip.Attach is not closed

Author: ```suggestion
    </muxc:TeachingTip.Attach>
```

}
```

<a href="url"><img src="TeachingTipIconSample.jpg" height="600"></a>

### Enable light-dismiss

A teaching tip may be light-dismiss enabled so that it will dismiss when a user scrolls or interacts with other elements of the application.

XAML
```XAML
<Button Content="Tip Example" Click="OnFirstSaveButtonClick">
    <muxc:TeachingTip.Attach> 
        <muxc:TeachingTip x:Name="AutoSaveTip"
            Title="Saving automatically"
            Subtitle="We save your changes as you go - so you never have to."
            IsLightDismissEnabled="True"
            Margin="15">
        </muxc:TeachingTip>
    </muxc:TeachingTip.Attach>
</Button>
```

C#
```C#
public void OnFirstSaveButtonClick(object sender, RoutedEventArgs args)
{
    TeachingTipExample.IsOpen=true;
}
```

<a href="url"><img src="TeachingTipLightDismissSample.jpg" height="600"></a>

### Preferred placement

Preferred placement of a teaching tip can be set using the TeachingTipPlacementMode property. If the preferred placement would not leave enough room for the teaching tip to show, another placement mode will automatically be chosen.

XAML
```XAML
<Button Content="Tip Example" Click="OnFirstSaveButtonClick">

>     <muxc:TeachingTip.Attach> 

Author: @michael-hawker, thanks for your callouts! I have fixed the Margin and Preferred placement examples with regard to the attach property.

| Persistent Tip Location | * Once a tip is open, it will not move even if its target does. The exception to this is when the window is resized. |
| Motion | * Tips have built in open and close animations that can be customizable using Storyboards.|
| Tail/Bleeding Content Avoidance | * To avoid the visual oddity of the Tail emerging from Bleeding Content, the Tail and Bleeding Content will attempt to avoid intersecting using the following rules: <br> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; * Move the bleeding content to Top or Bottom (Disabled when BleedingContentPlacement is not auto). <br> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; * Shift the beak along the edge of the tip (Disabled when the placement of the tip is edge aligned). <br> &nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; * Change the placement of the tip (Disabled when the tip placement is not auto).  |
| Out of Window Bounds | * Tips can escape window bounds on newer OS versions via the ShouldConstrainToRootBounds property.  When this property is set to false, the tip uses screen boundaries instead of window boundaries during its placement algorithm. |

> #### Accessibility

Reviewer 6: What patterns should the popup implement?

Author: @jevansaks For UI Automation Patterns, TeachingTip alternates between Pane for non light-dismiss tips and Window for light-dismiss tips. Both implement IScrollProvider for the scrollable content area within tip.

| State | Action | Narrator |
|:---|:---|:---|
| Tip first appears and is not in focus | No action is needed invoke the tip. | “New tip. It says …." | 
| Tip is first focused on by tabbing through to the tip | Targeted Tip: <br> Tip is injected to tab stop right after its target element. User tabs to reach tip and put it into focus. <br><br> Untargeted Tip: <br> Tip is injected to tab stop as the last item to be created. User tabs to reach tip and put it into focus. <br><br> Light-dismiss: <br> Automatically take focus. | Default Tab Stop, Title, and Subtitle. <br><br> Ex: “X Button, Tip Title, Tip Subtitle.” |

> | Tip is tabbed through | Tab Button: <br> Will go through all actionable items regardless of group in order. <br> <br> Arrow keys: <br> Will be able to explore groups in the specified directions. <br> <br> Enter and Escape: <br> Will result in closing the tip. <br> <br> Spacebar: <br> Will select the component focused on. <br> <br> Home and End: <br> Do not have use unless within a XAML component that supports their functionality | Name of XAML or visual component. Ex:<br><br> “X Button” <br><br> “Save Button” <br><br> “Learn More Hyperlink” | 

Reviewer 6: What should happen when pressing tab on the last element in the tip? Does it leave the tip?

Author: ```suggestion
| Tip is tabbed through | Tab Button: <br> Will go through all actionable items regardless of group in order. When tab is pressed on the last element in the teaching tip, focus will cycle to the first element in the teaching tip.  <br> <br> Arrow keys: <br> Will be able to explore groups in the specified directions. <br> <br> Enter and Escape: <br> Will result in closing the tip. <br> <br> Spacebar: <br> Will select the component focused on. <br> <br> Home and End: <br> Do not have use unless within a XAML component that supports their functionality | Name of XAML or visual component. Ex:<br><br> “X Button” <br><br> “Save Button” <br><br> “Learn More Hyperlink” | 
```

Author: The intended behavior when tab is pressed on the last element of a tip is to have focus cycle to the first element in the tab stop order of the tip. I have updated this section to reflect the intended behavior more clearly. I have also verified that this is the behavior currently implemented.

# Teaching tip

## Description

A teaching tip is a content-rich nonmodal flyout that provides contextual information. A teaching tip looks like a flyout, except that it may target a UI element with a pointer or be persistent and require the user to manually dismiss it. A teaching tip is often used for informing, reminding, and teaching users about important and new features that may enhance their experience. 

**Important APIs:** [TeachingTip class]() [Link TODO]

A teaching tip may also be light-dismiss enabled or used without a pointer indicating reference to any specific UI element. 

### Is this the right control? 

> Use a **TeachingTip** control to inform users about new and important updates and features, focus users on a component to advise them about its options or state, remind users of nonessential options that would improve their experience, or teach users how a task should be completed. 

Reviewer 7: Suggestion: "focus users' attention"

Author: ```suggestion
Use a **TeachingTip** control to focus a user's attention on new or important updates and features, remind a user of nonessential options that would improve their experience, or teach a user how a task should be completed. 
```

Author: @YuliKl Does this feel more clear and succinct?

Reviewer 7: Yes, sounds great to me.

> Because a teaching tip is transient, it would not be the recommended control for notifying users about important errors and statuses, prompting users for event handling, nor displaying a list of items or events that have been handled. 

Reviewer 7: > prompting users for event handling, nor displaying a list of items or events that have been handled.

I'm not sure what this means, sounds too jargony

Author: ```suggestion
Because teaching tip is transient, it would not be the recommended control for prompting users about errors or important statuses.
```

Author: Thanks, @YuliKl! Does this feel like a step in the right direction?

Reviewer 7: Sounds good. Maybe "important status changes"?

<a href="url"><img src="TeachingTipPointerSample.jpg" height="600"></a>

A teaching tip can be used without a pointer when the information that it is presenting is not specific to a UI element. 

<a href="url"><img src="TeachingTipSampleApp.jpg" height="600"></a>

A teaching tip can require manual acknowledgement before dismissing or a teaching tip may also be light-dismiss enabled so that it will dismiss when a user scrolls or interacts with other elements of the application.

<a href="url"><img src="TeachingTipLightDismissSample.jpg" height="600"></a>

## Create a teaching tip

<!-- Use the Password property to get or set the contents of the PasswordBox. You can do this in the handler for the PasswordChanged event to perform validation while the user enters the password. Or, you can use another event, like a button Click, to perform validation after the user completes the text entry. -->

Here's the XAML for a teaching tip control that demonstrates the default look of the TeachingTip with a title and subtitle. 

When the user clicks the button, a teaching tip will appear and display a message to the user. 

XAML
```XAML
<Button Content="Save" Click="OnFirstSaveButtonClick">

>     <muxc:TeachingTip.Attach> 

Author: I have updated the _Open Issues_ section to note this discussion.

>     <muxc:TeachingTip.Attach> 

Author: Thanks for contributing, @YuliKl! Thanks to you and others, we have made the decision to transition to a .Target approach and I will be updating the examples appropriately.

### Add a margin 

A teaching tip can have a margin added by setting the Margin property. When a teaching tip is attached to a UI element, a margin will move it away from the UI element it is pointing to. When a teaching tip is not attached to anything, a margin will move it away from the side of the app window it is positioned towards. 

XAML
```XAML
<Button Content="Save" Click="OnFirstSaveButtonClick">
    <muxc:TeachingTip> 
        <muxc:TeachingTip x:Name="AutoSaveTip"
            Title="Saving automatically"
            Subtitle="We save your changes as you go - so you never have to."
            Margin="80">
        </muxc:TeachingTip>
    </muxc:TeachingTip.Attach>
</Button>
```

C#
```C#
public void OnFirstSaveButtonClick(object sender, RoutedEventArgs args)
{
   AutoSaveTip.IsOpen = true;
}
```

<a href="url"><img src="TeachingTipMarginSample.jpg" height="600"></a>

### Point to a UI element

You can change the teaching tip to point to a specific UI element by setting the TeachingTipPlacementMode property. For a targeted teaching tip, this placement will be relative to the UI element target. For a non-targeted teaching tip, this placement will relative to app window.  

> XAML

Reviewer 7: This code example doesn't actually use the TeachingTipPlacementMode property. And based on the name, I would expect this property to do something other than the section title (Point to a UI element). Flyout's placement mode is the positioning (above, below, etc) in XY space relative to a target, but it's not really related to pointing (e.g. with a beak).

Author: You're right, this example and others should include examples of setting the SetAttach property - though it looks like we are also questioning whether this is the best approach for attaching tips.

Reviewer 7: Have you considered a Target property, similar to FlyoutBase?

Author: The Spec has now been updated to use the Target property. Thanks again, @YuliKl!

```XAML
<Button Content="Tip Example" Click="OnFirstSaveButtonClick">
    <muxc:TeachingTip.Attach> 
        <muxc:TeachingTip x:Name="AutoSaveTip"
            Title="Saving automatically"
            Subtitle="We save your changes as you go - so you never have to."

>             Margin="15"/>

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
            Margin="12"/>
```
This is extremely minor, but our designers work on a 4px visual grid, so using sizes and margin values that are divisible by 4 better fits with their thinking. If you were to look through app redlines, the most common margin sizes will be 12px (for small windows/screens) and 24px (for medium and large windows/screens). So using those values feels more on brand :)

Author: Thank you! These pictures were artificially constructed while the implementation is being developed. This led to me having to take some liberty with the art due to the shadow and the complication it presents to merging into photo edits with integrity. When these photos are updated with real examples, I intend to have the Margin example being the only one making use of the margin property.

        </muxc:TeachingTip>
    </muxc:TeachingTip.Attach>
</Button>
```

C#
```C#
public void OnFirstSaveButtonClick(object sender, RoutedEventArgs args)
{
   AutoSaveTip.IsOpen = true;
}
```

> <a href="url"><img src="TeachingTipPointerSample.jpg" height="600"></a>

Reviewer 7: I'm curious, is this a comp or a screenshot? I ask because of the padding from TT's edge to title/subtitle vs content. T StackPanel appears to render closer to the edge. While that could be easy corrected with a margin on the StackPanel, it feels odd to have this offset by default.

Author: These are all comps. I am hoping to replace them with screen shots when the WinUI January Prerelease becomes available.

                </StackPanel>
        </muxc:TeachingTip>
    </muxc:TeachingTip.Attach>
</Button>
```

C#
```C#
public void OnFirstSaveButtonClick(object sender, RoutedEventArgs args)
{
   AutoSaveTip.IsOpen = true;
}
```

<a href="url"><img src="TeachingTipContentSample.jpg" height="600"></a>

### Add buttons

A close button is automatically added to the top of a teaching tip. However, a close button with custom text that is placed at the button of a teaching tip can be used instead by setting the TeachingTipCloseButtonKind property. A custom action button can also be added by setting ActionButtonText, ActionButtonCommand and the ActionButtonCommandParameter properties. 

XAML
```XAML
<Button Content="Tip Example" Click="OnFirstSaveButtonClick">
    <muxc:TeachingTip.Attach> 
        <muxc:TeachingTip x:Name="AutoSaveTip"
            Title="Saving automatically"
            Subtitle="We save your changes as you go - so you never have to."
            ActionButtonText="Disable"
            ActionButtonCommand="DisableAutoSave"

>             CloseButtonKind="Footer"

Reviewer 7: Is a CloseButtonKind property really necessary? What if the behavior were: if (CloseButtonText != null) show button in footer, else show the X.
Or is your intent when CloseButtonKind="Header" that something other than the X gets rendered?

Author: It was originally included because we were to have 4 close button kinds with the forth being "None" so that developers could implement a custom styled close button in the content area. However, now that we have decided to allow more complete styling of the close button, I believe the "None" mode can be removed and it follows to simplify the API as you have suggested. I have added this as an open question to collect any push back on this change.

</Button>
```

C#
```C#
public void OnFirstSaveButtonClick(object sender, RoutedEventArgs args)
{
    TeachingTipExample.IsOpen=true;
}
```

<a href="url"><img src="TeachingTipButtonsSample.jpg" height="600"></a>

### Hero content

Edge to edge content can be added to a teaching tip by setting the HeroContent property. The location of hero content can be set to the top or bottom of a teaching tip by setting the HeroContentPlacement property.

XAML
```XAML
<Button Content="Tip Example" Click="OnFirstSaveButtonClick">
    <muxc:TeachingTip.Attach> 
        <muxc:TeachingTip x:Name="AutoSaveTip"
            Title="Saving automatically"
            Subtitle="We save your changes as you go - so you never have to."
            <muxc:TeachingTip.HeroContent>
                <Image Source="Assets/Giraffe.png" />
            </muxc:TeachingTip.HeroContent>
            Margin="15">
        </muxc:TeachingTip>
    </muxc:TeachingTip.Attach>
</Button>
```

C#
```C#
public void OnFirstSaveButtonClick(object sender, RoutedEventArgs args)
{
    TeachingTipExample.IsOpen=true;
}
```

<a href="url"><img src="TeachingTipHeroContentSample.jpg" height="600"></a>

### Add an icon

> An icon can be added to the side of the title and subtitle using the IconSource property.

Reviewer 7: So how much control does an app developer have over the size of the icon? How is the default size determined? What's the default margin between icon and title/subtitle, and can app developers customize it?

Really, I'm questioning the need for this property because it feels like a can of worms. Is a customer clamoring for it?

Author: Great question, @YuliKl. The icon property will take whatever size the icon is and will move the title and subtitle over to accommodate. Note that the icon will start to become cropped when it begins hitting the tip's max size. 16px, 24px, and 32px are our design recommended icon sizes. This code preview is now outdated as I have now added this to the guidance. 

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/16964652/53135493-3b3bfc00-3530-11e9-91e0-391832ee0128.png)

The margin between an icon and the title/subtitle cannot be manipulated directly and there have been no requests yet for this knob to be included. However, by the logic noted above, there is already a possible workaround where the icon image itself can be created to include extra padding within the icon since there is no strict size enforced.

            Title="Saving automatically"
            Subtitle="We save your changes as you go - so you never have to."
            IconSource="SaveIcon.png"
            Margin="15">
        </muxc:TeachingTip>
    </muxc:TeachingTip.Attach>
</Button>
```

C#
```C#
public void OnFirstSaveButtonClick(object sender, RoutedEventArgs args)
{
    TeachingTipExample.IsOpen=true;
}
```

<a href="url"><img src="TeachingTipIconSample.jpg" height="600"></a>

### Enable light-dismiss

A teaching tip may be light-dismiss enabled so that it will dismiss when a user scrolls or interacts with other elements of the application.

XAML
```XAML
<Button Content="Tip Example" Click="OnFirstSaveButtonClick">
    <muxc:TeachingTip.Attach> 
        <muxc:TeachingTip x:Name="AutoSaveTip"
            Title="Saving automatically"
            Subtitle="We save your changes as you go - so you never have to."
            IsLightDismissEnabled="True"
            Margin="15">
        </muxc:TeachingTip>
    </muxc:TeachingTip.Attach>
</Button>
```

C#
```C#
public void OnFirstSaveButtonClick(object sender, RoutedEventArgs args)
{
    TeachingTipExample.IsOpen=true;
}
```

> <a href="url"><img src="TeachingTipLightDismissSample.jpg" height="600"></a>

Reviewer 7: The screenshot implies that no close buttons are shown when light dismiss is enabled. Is that true? If so, maybe worth calling out in the doc? And I assume an app developer still can show a close button by setting appropriate properties, right?

Author: This is correct and I have updated the "Enable light-dismiss" example description to call this behavior out. 

As of now, the developer cannot override this. The absence of a close button is used to signal light-dismiss behavior to users. User testing found that that including close buttons on light-dismiss tips was a source of frustration for users as users would expect these tips to **not** behave like light-dismiss tips only to have them disappear if they were not the next thing interacted with. For consistency, tips are either light-dismiss or manual click dismiss.

Author: This is correct and I have updated the "Enable light-dismiss" example description to call this behavior out.

As of now, the developer cannot override this. The absence of a close button is used to signal light-dismiss behavior to users. User testing found that that including close buttons on light-dismiss tips was a source of frustration for users as users would expect these tips to not behave like light-dismiss tips only to have them disappear if they were not the next thing interacted with. For consistency, tips are either light-dismiss or manual click dismiss.

Reviewer 5: `Escape` should close the tip for keyboard accessibility, eh?

Author: @michael-hawker, correct! This behavior is outlined in the Appendix > Design Notes > Accessibility section.

### Preferred placement

Preferred placement of a teaching tip can be set using the TeachingTipPlacementMode property. If the preferred placement would not leave enough room for the teaching tip to show, another placement mode will automatically be chosen.

XAML
```XAML
<Button Content="Tip Example" Click="OnFirstSaveButtonClick">
    <muxc:TeachingTip.Attach> 
        <muxc:TeachingTip x:Name="AutoSaveTip"
            Title="Saving automatically"
            Subtitle="We save your changes as you go - so you never have to."

>             PreferredPlacement="TopEdgeAlignedLeft"

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
            Placement="TopEdgeAlignedLeft"
```
At least, I think that's what I'm seeing in the API...

Author: @YuliKl, thank you for the catch! As far as I am aware, this is a mistake in the API. "PreferredPlacement" was decided on to better alert developers upfront that their specified placement is subordinate to ensuring the tip will show at all. I would like to check with @StephenLPeters or @MikeHillberg to ensure this wasn't intentionally changed to better align with Flyout's placement API?

Author: I confirmed with @StephenLPeters that this is a bug and "Placement" should be "PreferredPlacement". Thanks again for the catch!

{
    TeachingTipCloseReason Reason{ get; };
};

runtimeclass TeachingTipClosingEventArgs
{
    TeachingTipCloseReason Reason{ get; };
    Boolean Cancel;
    Windows.Foundation.Deferral GetDeferral();
};

unsealed runtimeclass TeachingTipTemplateSettings : Windows.UI.Xaml.DependencyObject
{
    TeachingTipTemplateSettings();

    Windows.UI.Xaml.Thickness TopRightHighlightMargin;
    Windows.UI.Xaml.Thickness TopLeftHighlightMargin;

    static Windows.UI.Xaml.DependencyProperty TopRightHighlightMarginProperty{ get; };
    static Windows.UI.Xaml.DependencyProperty TopLeftHighlightMarginProperty{ get; };
}

unsealed runtimeclass TeachingTip : Windows.UI.Xaml.Controls.ContentControl
{
    TeachingTip();

    String Title;
    String Subtext;

    Boolean IsOpen;

    String ActionButtonText;
    Windows.UI.Xaml.Style ActionButtonStyle;
    Windows.UI.Xaml.Input.ICommand ActionButtonCommand;
    Object ActionButtonCommandParameter;

    TeachingTipCloseButtonKind CloseButtonKind;
    String CloseButtonText;
    Windows.UI.Xaml.Style CloseButtonStyle;
    Windows.UI.Xaml.Input.ICommand CloseButtonCommand;
    Object CloseButtonCommandParameter;

>     Windows.UI.Xaml.Thickness TargetOffset;

Reviewer 6: Not sure if it was covered anywhere yet, but I think there should be a knob that controls the display of the "beak" independent of the placement target. I think having placement relative to an element is useful and should be encouraged over absolute positioning within the window because it avoids needing margins & such. Also in a XamlIslands world there's no longer a window that we can assume given the current thread so I think we should always require a target and if you want it to show relative to the window you can set the target to the root of the window/island you want to be relative to.

Author: @jevansaks This makes sense to me, especially with regard to XAML Islands. I will add this API and create an example.

Author: I have added this functionality to the spec with this [commit](https://github.com/Microsoft/microsoft-ui-xaml-specs/commit/072e77b15dd60b39a06faf7b0067f6acf7e3f449). Tagging @StephenLPeters for visibility.

| Tip is tabbed through | Tab Button: <br> Will go through all actionable items regardless of group in order. <br> <br> Arrow keys: <br> Will be able to explore groups in the specified directions. <br> <br> Enter and Escape: <br> Will result in closing the tip. <br> <br> Spacebar: <br> Will select the component focused on. <br> <br> Home and End: <br> Do not have use unless within a XAML component that supports their functionality | Name of XAML or visual component. Ex:<br><br> “X Button” <br><br> “Save Button” <br><br> “Learn More Hyperlink” | 
| Tip is dismissed | 1. X Button is pressed. <br> 2. Close Button is pressed. <br> 3. Action Button is pressed. <br> Tab focus goes back to where it should be, the predecessor. | Nothing | 

## Open Questions

> * Should TeachingTip.Attach be changed to TeachingTip.AttachedTeachingTip?

Author: ```suggestion
* What is the right approach for attaching TeachingTip to UI Elements? 
```

            <muxc:TeachingTip.HeroContent>
                <Image Source="Assets/Giraffe.png" />
            </muxc:TeachingTip.HeroContent>
            Margin="12">
        </muxc:TeachingTip>
    </muxc:TeachingTip.Attach>
</Button>
```

C#
```C#
public void OnFirstSaveButtonClick(object sender, RoutedEventArgs args)
{
    TeachingTipExample.IsOpen=true;
}
```

<a href="url"><img src="TeachingTipHeroContentSample.jpg" height="600"></a>

### Add an icon

An icon can be added to the side of the title and subtitle using the IconSource property.

XAML
```XAML
<Button Content="Tip Example" Click="OnFirstSaveButtonClick">
    <muxc:TeachingTip.Attach> 
        <muxc:TeachingTip x:Name="AutoSaveTip"
            Title="Saving automatically"
            Subtitle="We save your changes as you go - so you never have to."
            IconSource="SaveIcon.png"
            Margin="12">
        </muxc:TeachingTip>
    </muxc:TeachingTip.Attach>
</Button>
```

C#
```C#
public void OnFirstSaveButtonClick(object sender, RoutedEventArgs args)
{
    TeachingTipExample.IsOpen=true;
}
```

<a href="url"><img src="TeachingTipIconSample.jpg" height="600"></a>

### Enable light-dismiss

> A teaching tip may be light-dismiss enabled so that it will dismiss when a user scrolls or interacts with other elements of the application.

Author: ```suggestion
A teaching tip may be light-dismiss enabled so that it will dismiss when a user scrolls or interacts with other elements of the application. The close button will be automatically removed from a light-dismiss teaching tip to indentify its light-dismiss behavior to users. 
```

# Teaching tip

## Description

> A teaching tip is a content-rich nonmodal flyout that provides contextual information. A teaching tip looks like a flyout, except that it may target a UI element with a pointer or be persistent and require the user to manually dismiss it. A teaching tip is often used for informing, reminding, and teaching users about important and new features that may enhance their experience. 

Author: ```suggestion
A teaching tip is a semi-persistent and content-rich flyout that provides contextual information. It is often used for informing, reminding, and teaching users about important and new features that may enhance their experience.
```

| Out of Window Bounds | * Tips can escape window bounds on newer OS versions via the ShouldConstrainToRootBounds property.  When this property is set to false, the tip uses screen boundaries instead of window boundaries during its placement algorithm. |

#### Accessibility

| State | Action | Narrator |
|:---|:---|:---|
| Tip first appears and is not in focus | No action is needed invoke the tip. | “New tip. It says …." | 
| Tip is first focused on by tabbing through to the tip | Targeted Tip: <br> Tip is injected to tab stop right after its target element. User tabs to reach tip and put it into focus. <br><br> Untargeted Tip: <br> Tip is injected to tab stop as the last item to be created. User tabs to reach tip and put it into focus. <br><br> Light-dismiss: <br> Automatically take focus. | Default Tab Stop, Title, and Subtitle. <br><br> Ex: “X Button, Tip Title, Tip Subtitle.” |

> | Tip is tabbed through | Tab Button: <br> Will go through all actionable items regardless of group in order. When tab is pressed on the last element in the teaching tip, focus will cycle to the first element in the teaching tip.  <br> <br> Arrow keys: <br> Will be able to explore groups in the specified directions. <br> <br> Enter and Escape: <br> Will result in closing the tip. <br> <br> Spacebar: <br> Will select the component focused on. <br> <br> Home and End: <br> Do not have use unless within a XAML component that supports their functionality | Name of XAML or visual component. Ex:<br><br> “X Button” <br><br> “Save Button” <br><br> “Learn More Hyperlink” | 

Author: @jevansaks I apologize, it marked the issue as resolved when I committed the update. The intended behavior when tab is pressed on the last element of a tip is to have focus cycle to the first element in the tab stop order of the tip. Enter and Escape can be used to exit the tip. I have also verified that this is the behavior currently implemented.

                </StackPanel>
        </muxc:TeachingTip>
    </Button.Resources>
</Button>
```

C#
```C#
public void OnFirstSaveButtonClick(object sender, RoutedEventArgs args)
{
    if (!HidingTips)
    {
        AutoSaveTip.IsOpen = true;
    }
}
```

![A sample app with a teaching tip pointing at the save button. The tip title reads "Saving automatically" and the subtitle reads "We save your changes as you go - so you never have to." In the content area of the teaching tip is a CheckBox labeled "Don't show tips at startup" and underneath is text that reads "You can change your tip preferences in Settings if you change your mind" where "Settings" is a link to the app's settings page. There is a close button on the top right corner of the teaching tip.](TeachingTipContentSample.jpg)

### Add buttons

A standard "X" close button is automatically added next to the title of a teaching tip. However, a custom close button can be added to the bottom of a teaching tip by setting the CloseButtonContent property. 

**Note: no close button will appear on light-dismiss enabled tips**

> A custom action button can be added by setting ActionButtonContent, ActionButtonCommand and the ActionButtonCommandParameter properties. 

Author: ```suggestion
A custom action button can be added by setting ActionButtonContent property (and optionally the ActionButtonCommand and the ActionButtonCommandParameter properties).
```

XAML
```XAML
<Button x:Name="SaveButton" Content="Save" Click="OnFirstSaveButtonClick">
    <Button.Resources>
        <muxc:TeachingTip x:Name="AutoSaveTip"
            Target="{x:Bind SaveButton}"
            Title="Saving automatically"
            Subtitle="We save your changes as you go - so you never have to.">
        </muxc:TeachingTip>
    </Button.Resources>
</Button>
```

C#
```C#
public void OnFirstSaveButtonClick(object sender, RoutedEventArgs args)
{
   AutoSaveTip.IsOpen = true;
}
```

Here's the result when this code runs and the user clicks the button.

![A sample app with a teaching tip pointing at the save button. The tip title reads "Saving automatically" and the subtitle reads "We save your changes as you go - so you never have to." There is a close button on the top right corner of the teaching tip.](TeachingTipPointerSample.jpg)

The IsOpen property also enables teaching tip to be implemented with data binding.

XAML
```XAML
<Button x:Name="SaveButton" Content="Save" Click="OnFirstSaveButtonClick">
    <Button.Resources>
        <muxc:TeachingTip x:Name="AutoSaveTip"
            IsOpen="{x:Bind ShowAutoSaveTip, Mode=OneWay}"

>             Target="{x:Bind SaveButton}"

Reviewer 6: Best practice is this should probably be TwoWay so that your code will get notified when the tip closes in case you want to show it again.

Reviewer 4: +1

Author: Committed the fix [here](https://github.com/Microsoft/microsoft-ui-xaml-specs/commit/da0bb20c14a38103c5544d1b05541069a86cf01a).

### Non-pointing tips

Not all tips relate to an element onscreen. For these scenarios, do not set the Target property and the teaching tip will instead display relative to the edges of the UWP window. However, a teaching tip can have the pointer removed while retaining placement relative to a UI element by setting the PointerMode property to "Off". 

Unlike pointing teaching tips which can only be added to a resource dictionary, non-pointing teaching tips can also be added through the visual tree, as shown below.

XAML
```XAML
<Button x:Name="SaveButton" Content="Save" Click="OnFirstSaveButtonClick">

<muxc:TeachingTip x:Name="AutoSaveTip"
    Title="Saving automatically"
    Subtitle="We save your changes as you go - so you never have to.">
</muxc:TeachingTip>
```

C#
```C#
public void OnFirstSaveButtonClick(object sender, RoutedEventArgs args)
{
   AutoSaveTip.IsOpen = true;
}
```

![A sample app with a teaching tip in the bottom right corner. The tip title reads "Saving automatically" and the subtitle reads "We save your changes as you go - so you never have to." There is a close button on the top right corner of the teaching tip.](TeachingTipSampleApp.jpg)

### Add an offset 

> 

Reviewer 6: In the picture above, I'm confused how the spacing happens without any offsets. Is there a default offset that's the size of the shadow or something?

Author: @jevansaks All this PM art needs to be replaced with actual screenshots of the control in use. I was just wanting on a version of the tip that has shadows re-enabled to do so.

A non-pointing teaching tip with its PreferredPlacement set to "BottomEdgeAlignedLeft" will appear in the bottom left corner of the UWP window.

XAML
```XAML
<Button x:Name="SaveButton" Content="Save" Click="OnFirstSaveButtonClick">

<muxc:TeachingTip x:Name="AutoSaveTip"
    Title="Saving automatically"
    Subtitle="We save your changes as you go - so you never have to."
    PreferredPlacement="BottomEdgeAlignedLeft">
</muxc:TeachingTip>
```

C#
```C#
public void OnFirstSaveButtonClick(object sender, RoutedEventArgs args)
{
    AutoSaveTip.IsOpen=true;
}
```

![A sample app with a teaching tip in the bottom left corner. The tip title reads "Saving automatically" and the subtitle reads "We save your changes as you go - so you never have to." There is a close button on the top right corner of the teaching tip.](TeachingTipNonPointingPreferredPlacementSample.jpg)

### Escaping UWP window bounds

> On Windows version 19H1 and above, a teaching tip can escape UWP window bounds by setting the ShouldConstrainToRootBounds property. On earlier versions of Windows, this property is ignored and the teaching tip always stays within the UWP window bounds.

Reviewer 6: >On earlier versions of Windows, this property is ignored and the teaching tip always stays within the UWP window bounds. [](start = 132, length = 120)

On earlier versions of windows this property doesn't exist. We should probably have the sample be conditional markup like contract9present:ShouldConstrainToRootBounds="true".

Author: @jevansaks, I checked with @StephenLPeters and this property is being surfaced by teaching tip, so I believe it is always present even if the underlying popup doesn't have the property.

Author: More specifically (from @StephenLPeters):

ShouldConstrainToRootBounds is a property on TeachingTip.  It will be present for every TeachingTip that can exist. There happens to be (by design) a property on Popup called ShouldConstrainToRootBounds, this proprety may or may not exist in the context of the TeachingTip in question.  If this popup property is not present, for whatever reason, the property on TeachingTip won't do anything.  If the proprety on popup is present, then setting this proprety on teaching tip will result in the value being set on the TeachingTip's internal popup.  In both cases the property on TeachingTip is present.

    static Windows.UI.Xaml.DependencyProperty IconSourceProperty{ get; };

    static Windows.UI.Xaml.DependencyProperty TemplateSettingsProperty{ get; };
}
```

# Appendix

### Visual Components

 | Component |  Notes |
|:---:|:---|
| Container | * The container is the body of the tip and encapsulates all the tip components. <br> * Nonmodal. <br> * If content height exceeds max height or width, vertical scrolling will be enabled. See Scroll. <br> * For visibility concerns, the container has a border around the outer edge, which adheres to the pointer if present. See Pointer. <br> * For visibility concerns, the top edge of the container has a 1px highlight which also adheres to the pointer if present. See Pointer. <br><br> ![An empty teaching tip.](Container.PNG) |
| Title| * Semi-bolded. <br> * Text wraps at Close (X) Button and Container border. <br><br> ![A teaching tip with a title and subtitle populated with sample text.](Title.PNG) |
| Subtitle | * Text wraps at Close (X) Button and Container border. <br><br> ![A teaching tip with a subtitle that reads "Body text in a minimum height tip.](Subtitle.PNG) |

> | Content | * Can be customized to include text, images, videos, animation, checkboxes, hyperlinks, and any other XAML content. <br> * Will scroll if there is more content to show than tip height allows. See Scroll Bar. <br> * Placed below Subtitle and above Close/Action Button. <br><br> ![A teaching tip with a sample title and subtitle. The teaching tip has a picture of a mountain in the content area.](Content.PNG) |

Reviewer 6: @MikeHillberg, this kind of description with embedded image is a knock against the new format of the docs being inline. Any thoughts around how to have the best of both worlds?

Reviewer 4: My current thought is both formats are fine for the reader, so whatever's easier for the writer is a good answer. In particular here I didn't worry about trying to change the format anyway, since it had already been written.

Author: Is this refering to MSDN documentation format or our proposal/spec templates? Apologies - I think I am lacking some context for this comment.

Reviewer 4: Spec template. The current process says to do what you've done, there's a proposal to put these descriptions into the IDL as comments. But for now I say let's leave this as you have it.

A teaching tip can require manual acknowledgement before dismissing or a teaching tip may also be light-dismiss enabled so that it will dismiss when a user scrolls or interacts with other elements of the application.

A teaching tip can require the user to dismiss it via an "X" button in a top corner or a "Close" button at the bottom. A teaching tip may also be light-dismiss enabled in which case there is no dismiss button and the teaching tip will instead dismiss when a user scrolls or interacts with other elements of the application. Because of this behavior, light-dismiss tips are the best solution when a tip needs to be placed in a scrollable area. 

![A sample app with a light-dismiss teaching tip in the bottom right corner. The tip title reads "Saving automatically" and the subtitle reads "We save your changes as you go - so you never have to."](TeachingTipLightDismissSample.jpg)

### Create a teaching tip

Here's the XAML for a simple pointing teaching tip control that demonstrates the default look of the TeachingTip with a title and subtitle.

When the Save button is added to the visual tree, a teaching tip will appear and display a message to the user. 

XAML
```XAML

> <Button x:Name="SaveButton" Content="Save" Loaded="SaveButton_Loaded">

Reviewer 4: I don't think Loaded is the typical scenario.  I would have code in my constructor to see if I've advertised this feature yet or not, like:

```C#
public MainPage()
{
    this.InitializeComponent();

    if(!HaveExplainedAutoSave())
    {
        AutoSaveTip.IsOpen = true;
        SetHaveExplainedAutoSave();
    }
}
```

Author: [Does this look better?](https://github.com/Microsoft/microsoft-ui-xaml-specs/commit/c489b379f4063526a3a7cd5cb9ef62b0bdb34f4f)

Reviewer 4: Love it, thanks.

{
    TeachingTipCloseReason Reason{ get; };
};

runtimeclass TeachingTipClosingEventArgs
{
    TeachingTipCloseReason Reason{ get; };
    Boolean Cancel;
    Windows.Foundation.Deferral GetDeferral();
};

unsealed runtimeclass TeachingTipTemplateSettings : Windows.UI.Xaml.DependencyObject
{
    TeachingTipTemplateSettings();

    Windows.UI.Xaml.Thickness TopRightHighlightMargin;
    Windows.UI.Xaml.Thickness TopLeftHighlightMargin;

    Windows.UI.Xaml.Controls.IconElement IconElement;

    static Windows.UI.Xaml.DependencyProperty TopRightHighlightMarginProperty{ get; };
    static Windows.UI.Xaml.DependencyProperty TopLeftHighlightMarginProperty{ get; };
    static Windows.UI.Xaml.DependencyProperty IconElementProperty{ get; };
}

[MUX_PROPERTY_CHANGED_CALLBACK(TRUE)]
unsealed runtimeclass TeachingTip : Windows.UI.Xaml.Controls.ContentControl
{
    TeachingTip();

    String Title;
    String Subtitle;

    [MUX_DEFAULT_VALUE("false")]
    Boolean IsOpen;

    Windows.UI.Xaml.FrameworkElement Target;

    Object ActionButtonText;
    Windows.UI.Xaml.Style ActionButtonStyle;
    Windows.UI.Xaml.Input.ICommand ActionButtonCommand;
    Object ActionButtonCommandParameter;

>     Object CloseButtonText;

Reviewer 6: Having CloseButton**Text** of type Object seems weird. Should it be CloseButtonContent?

Reviewer 4: +1

Author: [Fixed](https://github.com/Microsoft/microsoft-ui-xaml-specs/commit/94833c5b30083ff8f152f66368222b1cada88eac)!

A teaching tip can require manual acknowledgement before dismissing or a teaching tip may also be light-dismiss enabled so that it will dismiss when a user scrolls or interacts with other elements of the application.

A teaching tip can require the user to dismiss it via an "X" button in a top corner or a "Close" button at the bottom. A teaching tip may also be light-dismiss enabled in which case there is no dismiss button and the teaching tip will instead dismiss when a user scrolls or interacts with other elements of the application. Because of this behavior, light-dismiss tips are the best solution when a tip needs to be placed in a scrollable area. 

![A sample app with a light-dismiss teaching tip in the bottom right corner. The tip title reads "Saving automatically" and the subtitle reads "We save your changes as you go - so you never have to."](TeachingTipLightDismissSample.jpg)

### Create a teaching tip

Here's the XAML for a simple pointing teaching tip control that demonstrates the default look of the TeachingTip with a title and subtitle.

> When the Save button is added to the visual tree, a teaching tip will appear and display a message to the user. 

Reviewer 4: Can strike this now.

XAML
```XAML
<Button x:Name="SaveButton" Content="Save" Loaded="SaveButton_Loaded">
    <Button.Resources>
        <muxc:TeachingTip x:Name="AutoSaveTip"
            Target="{x:Bind SaveButton}"
            Title="Save automatically"
            Subtitle="When you save your file to OneDrive, we save your changes as you go - so you never have to.">
        </muxc:TeachingTip>
    </Button.Resources>
</Button>
```

C#
```C#
public MainPage()
{
    this.InitializeComponent();

    if(!HaveExplainedAutoSave())
    {
        AutoSaveTip.IsOpen = true;
        SetHaveExplainedAutoSave();
    }
}
```

> Here's the result when this code runs and the Save button gets loaded.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Here's the result when this Page containing the button and teaching tip shown:
```

![A sample app with a teaching tip pointing at the save button. The tip title reads "Saving automatically" and the subtitle reads "We save your changes as you go - so you never have to." There is a close button on the top right corner of the teaching tip.](TeachingTipPointerSample.jpg)

> 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Note that the TeachingTip can appear anywhere in the element tree. In the above example it's located in a ResourceDictionary.
```

> The IsOpen property also enables teaching tip to be implemented with data binding.

Reviewer 4: We just showed data binding, so could probably remove this Loaded example

    <Button.Resources>
        <muxc:TeachingTip x:Name="AutoSaveTip"
            IsOpen="{x:Bind ShowAutoSaveTip, Mode=TwoWay}"
            Target="{x:Bind SaveButton}"
            Title="Saving automatically"
            Subtitle="We save your changes as you go - so you never have to.">
        </muxc:TeachingTip>
    </Button.Resources>
</Button>
```

C#
```C#
public bool ShowAutoSaveTip
{
    get { return (bool)GetValue(ShowAutoSaveTipProperty); }
    set { SetValue(ShowAutoSaveTipProperty, value); }
}
 
public static readonly DependencyProperty ShowAutoSaveTipProperty = DependencyProperty.Register("ShowAutoSaveTip", typeof(bool), typeof(MainPage), new PropertyMetadata(false));

private void SaveButton_Loaded(object sender, RoutedEventArgs e)
{
    AutoSaveTip.IsOpen = true;
}
```

### Non-pointing tips

Not all tips relate to an element onscreen. For these scenarios, do not set the Target property and the teaching tip will instead display relative to the edges of the XamlRoot. However, a teaching tip can have the pointer removed while retaining placement relative to a UI element by setting the PointerMode property to "Off". 

> Unlike pointing teaching tips which can only be added to a resource dictionary, non-pointing teaching tips can also be added through the visual tree, as shown below.

Reviewer 4: "element tree" rather than "visual tree"

Author: ```suggestion
Unlike pointing teaching tips which can only be added to a resource dictionary, non-pointing teaching tips can also be added through the element tree, as shown below.
```

XAML
```XAML
<Button x:Name="SaveButton" Content="Save" Click="OnFirstSaveButtonClick">

<muxc:TeachingTip x:Name="AutoSaveTip"
    Title="Saving automatically"
    Subtitle="We save your changes as you go - so you never have to.">
</muxc:TeachingTip>
```

> C#

Reviewer 4: This C# doesn't actually contribute to the example, and it's distracting because it doesn't contain the right IsOpen logic like the first example does. Could you just remove this C# portion and just leave the markup? Same for most/all of the rest of the examples.

Author: @MikeHillberg The [Password Box guidance](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/uwp/design/controls-and-patterns/password-box) I based this formatting off of labels the langauges used and I imagine this detail will be needed for transfering this documentation to MSDN? Would it be preferred to instead make these examples complete like the one above? It is still on my list to rework these examples today to make them more like the first one.

Reviewer 4: I think lets leave the C# out for now and talk to CX about guidance for a case like this.

Author: Sounds good, I will make this change.

Author: [Committed](https://github.com/Microsoft/microsoft-ui-xaml-specs/commit/899577cbfd50a626cf95f93f421db1d1a35fc23e).

```C#
public void OnFirstSaveButtonClick(object sender, RoutedEventArgs args)
{
   AutoSaveTip.IsOpen = true;
}
```

> 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Note that in this example the TeachingTip is in the element tree rather than in a ResourceDictionary. This has no effect on behavior; the TeachingTip only displays when opened, and takes up no layout space.
```

                </StackPanel>
        </muxc:TeachingTip>
    </Button.Resources>
</Button>
```

C#
```C#
public void OnFirstSaveButtonClick(object sender, RoutedEventArgs args)
{
    if (!HidingTips)
    {
        AutoSaveTip.IsOpen = true;
    }
}
```

![A sample app with a teaching tip pointing at the save button. The tip title reads "Saving automatically" and the subtitle reads "We save your changes as you go - so you never have to." In the content area of the teaching tip is a CheckBox labeled "Don't show tips at startup" and underneath is text that reads "You can change your tip preferences in Settings if you change your mind" where "Settings" is a link to the app's settings page. There is a close button on the top right corner of the teaching tip.](TeachingTipContentSample.jpg)

### Add buttons

A standard "X" close button is automatically added next to the title of a teaching tip. However, a custom close button can be added to the bottom of a teaching tip by setting the CloseButtonContent property. 

**Note: no close button will appear on light-dismiss enabled tips**

> A custom action button can be added by setting ActionButtonText, ActionButtonCommand and the ActionButtonCommandParameter properties. 

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
A custom action button can be added by setting ActionButtonContent property (and optionally the ActionButtonCommand and the ActionButtonCommandParameter properties). 
```

Author: Added.

XAML
```XAML
<Button x:Name="SaveButton" Content="Save" Click="OnFirstSaveButtonClick">
    <Button.Resources> 
        <muxc:TeachingTip x:Name="AutoSaveTip"
            Target="{x:Bind SaveButton}"
            Title="Saving automatically"
            Subtitle="We save your changes as you go - so you never have to."

>             ActionButtonText="Disable"

Reviewer 4: ActionButtonContent

            ActionButtonCommand="DisableAutoSave"
            CloseButtonContent="Got it!">
                <CheckBox Content="Don't show tips at start up" IsChecked="{x:Bind HidingTips, Mode=TwoWay}" />

>                 <p>You can change your tip preferences in <a href="app:/item/SettingsPage">Settings</a> if you change your mind.</p>

Reviewer 4: Why is there HTML here?

Author: Old issue that resurfaced somehow. Fixed now.

{
    Auto,
    Top,
    Bottom,
    Left,
    Right,
    TopEdgeAlignedRight,
    TopEdgeAlignedLeft,
    BottomEdgeAlignedRight,
    BottomEdgeAlignedLeft,
    LeftEdgeAlignedTop,
    LeftEdgeAlignedBottom,
    RightEdgeAlignedTop,
    RightEdgeAlignedBottom,
};

enum TeachingTipHeroContentPlacementMode
{
    Auto,
    Top,
    Bottom,
};

enum TeachingTipPointerMode
{
	Auto,
	On,
	Off,
};

runtimeclass TeachingTipClosedEventArgs
{
    TeachingTipCloseReason Reason{ get; };
};

runtimeclass TeachingTipClosingEventArgs
{
    TeachingTipCloseReason Reason{ get; };
    Boolean Cancel;
    Windows.Foundation.Deferral GetDeferral();
};

unsealed runtimeclass TeachingTipTemplateSettings : Windows.UI.Xaml.DependencyObject
{
    TeachingTipTemplateSettings();

    Windows.UI.Xaml.Thickness TopRightHighlightMargin;
    Windows.UI.Xaml.Thickness TopLeftHighlightMargin;

    Windows.UI.Xaml.Controls.IconElement IconElement;

    static Windows.UI.Xaml.DependencyProperty TopRightHighlightMarginProperty{ get; };
    static Windows.UI.Xaml.DependencyProperty TopLeftHighlightMarginProperty{ get; };
    static Windows.UI.Xaml.DependencyProperty IconElementProperty{ get; };
}

> [MUX_PROPERTY_CHANGED_CALLBACK(TRUE)]

Reviewer 4: We shouldn't have any of these [MUX] attributes.

Author: Removed.

unsealed runtimeclass TeachingTip : Windows.UI.Xaml.Controls.ContentControl
{
    TeachingTip();

    String Title;
    String Subtitle;

    [MUX_DEFAULT_VALUE("false")]
    Boolean IsOpen;

    Windows.UI.Xaml.FrameworkElement Target;

>     Object ActionButtonText;

Reviewer 4: ActionButtonContent

![A sample app with a teaching tip pointing at the save button. The tip title reads "Saving automatically" and the subtitle reads "We save your changes as you go - so you never have to." There is a close button on the top right corner of the teaching tip.](TeachingTipPointerSample.jpg)

The IsOpen property also enables teaching tip to be implemented with data binding.

XAML
```XAML
<Button x:Name="SaveButton" Content="Save" Click="OnFirstSaveButtonClick">
    <Button.Resources>
        <muxc:TeachingTip x:Name="AutoSaveTip"
            IsOpen="{x:Bind ShowAutoSaveTip, Mode=OneWay}"
            Target="{x:Bind SaveButton}"
            Title="Saving automatically"
            Subtitle="We save your changes as you go - so you never have to.">
        </muxc:TeachingTip>
    </Button.Resources>
</Button>
```

C#
```C#

> public bool ShowAutoSaveTip

Reviewer 4: Indenting is off

Author: Fixed.

### Non-pointing tips

> Not all tips relate to an element onscreen. For these scenarios, do not set the Target property and the teaching tip will instead display relative to the edges of the UWP window. However, a teaching tip can have the pointer removed while retaining placement relative to a UI element by setting the PointerMode property to "Off". 

Reviewer 4: I don't think "UWP" window is an improvement.  Is this in reference to the islands question?

Author: @MikeHillberg, it is. Is this control unqiue enough that perhaps I should add a section for working with islands?

Reviewer 4: No, I think we just need a consistent overall strategy for how we talk about these out-of-bounds flyouts.  Can you just call this out as an issue for now?

Reviewer 4: In other places we've used the word "root" (it could be the root of a window or the root of an island).  So: "...display relative to the edges of the root...".  Maybe that's the best word to start with for now at least.

Author: Committed the the fix [here](https://github.com/Microsoft/microsoft-ui-xaml-specs/commit/64e20c30af4f20023420b71d2d34566aedf347e3).

Reviewer 8: And the committed fix you linked to, @SavoySchuler , it calls it a "root window" - but with XAML islands that seems confusing.  The word "window" isn't necessary, it may add confusion with the top-level window (which isn't what you meant).

Author: @MikeHillberg, any preference between "root" or "XamlRoot"?

Reviewer 4: XamlRoot sounds good

Author: Fixed!

| Action Button | * Allows the user to invoke a custom event. <br> * This is the only non-Close button provided out of the box. Other buttons may be implemented in the Content Area. <br><br> <a href="url"><img src="ActionButton.PNG" width="400"></a> |
| Pointer | * Triangular extension of the tip body used to indicate that the tip is referring to on-screen UI element. <br> * Appears only when using a targeted tip. <br> * Prefers to center on target. <br> * Maintains a 12px margin from edges of the tip. <br> * Not animated. <br> * Will not have a shadow as shadows cannot yet be added to nonrectangular surfaces. <br><br> <a href="url"><img src="Pointer.PNG" width="400"></a> |
| Icon | * Added to the left of the Title and Subtitle by default and automatically moved to the right for RTL languages. <br><br> <a href="url"><img src="Icon.PNG" width="400"></a> |

> | Hero Content | * Hero Content is media that stretches to the edges of a tip. <br> * Can be placed at the top or bottom of a tip. <br><br> <a href="url"><img src="HeroContent.PNG" width="400"></a> |

Reviewer 5: Quantifying a separate type of Content still feels odd to me.  Instead of this + `HeroPlacementProperty` can't it just re-use the existing notion's of `Header` and `Footer`?  Then someone could have both a banner on the top and some other accent on the bottom if they really wanted to easily.

Author: Thanks again for asking these kinds of questions, @michael-hawker. This content field was initially included to provide a solution for customers who place tutorial videos in the headers or footers of tips. This is often found in media editing or art related applications. Additionally, the appropriate use of image or gif hero content in tips was found to positively correlate with user engagement and satisfaction. The possibility of adding coexisting header, center, and footer content was considered but ultimately found to be overwhelming to users and overloaded the requests of customers. I believe these two primary content areas (body + header/footer) achieve customers requests without overloading the control for the sake symmetry or design "if's" considering other controls, such as a adaptive cards, may be used to achieve more custom visual scenarios. Do you or a customer you work with have an active need for both header and footer content in TeachingTip specifically?

Reviewer 5: Sorry was at a conference last week.  I don't necessarily see an immediate need for both Header/Footer.  Just thinking that it's an easier concept to discover/use one or the other vs. having one specially named area and a separate enum controlling placement to understand when learning to use a new control.

Author: @michael-hawker, great feedback. I really appreciate the time you have invested into helping us make the best control possible. Your perspective is solid. 

I looked through our development history on this control (as some of it occured before our move to open source) and this was a path our design team also considered breifly. Ultimately, the ability to have both a header and footer simulatenously was scrapped because in application in was percieved as frequently distracting, visually overloaded, and created a sense of avoidable complexity for users without justifiable benefits or customers validated need. 

With that decision made, we are scoped to having a header **or** a footer which gives us two paths as far as API and implementation go:

1. Create one content area with a property for moving it.
2. Create two content areas and hope the developer uses only one. Which _could_  be the simplest in best case scenarioes but quickly turns messier than Option 1 otherwise: if both header and footer get set, we can use a magic rule to decide which is preferred, which leads to needing, an exposed API for the magic rule (which makes this essentially behave as Option 1 with avoidable complexity added). 

I am open to exploring another path forward if you seen one - it only needs enforce our designs data backed push for having only the header **or** footer area in use at any time.
